Initial implementation of Amazon Lambda Connector (#1)
wso2-extensions/esb-connector-amazonlambda: docs/config.md

# Configuring Amazon Lambda Operations
[[Signing Up for AWS]](#Signing Up for AWS ) [[Obtaining user credentials]](#obtaining-user-credentials) [[Initializing the Connector]](#initializing-the-Connector)

To use the AmazonLambda service, you must have an AWS account. If you don't already have an account, you are prompted to create one when you sign up. You're not charged for any AWS services that you sign up for unless you use them.
## Signing Up for AWS

* **To sign up for AWS:**

>     1. Open https://aws.amazon.com/, and then choose Create an AWS Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Navigate to this link https://aws.amazon.com/, and then choose Create an AWS Account.
```

Author: Fix with 408c7bd
